com/mooc/ppjoke/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/my/ProfileActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileActivity
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileActivity$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileActivity$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileActivity$3
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/find/TagListAdapter.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListAdapter
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListAdapter$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutTagFeedListHeaderBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutTagFeedListHeaderBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/FragmentSofaBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.FragmentSofaBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/BuildConfig.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.BuildConfig
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/MutablePageKeyedDataSource.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.MutablePageKeyedDataSource
com/mooc/ppjoke/view/AppBottomBar.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.AppBottomBar
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/RecordView.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.RecordView
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.RecordView$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedDetailTypeVideoHeaderBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedDetailTypeVideoHeaderBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedDetailBottomInateractionBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedDetailBottomInateractionBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/ViewZoomBehavior.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewZoomBehavior
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewZoomBehavior$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewZoomBehavior$FlingRunnable
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewZoomBehavior$ViewZoomCallback
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedCommentListItemBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedCommentListItemBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/find/TagListFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListFragment
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListFragment$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListFragment$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListFragment$2$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/my/ProfileListFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileListFragment
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileListFragment$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedTypeVideoBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedTypeVideoBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/utils/AppConfig.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.utils.AppConfig
 com.mooc.ppjoke.utils.AppConfig$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.utils.AppConfig$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.utils.AppConfig$3
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedDetailTypeImageHeaderBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedDetailTypeImageHeaderBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/share/ShareDialog.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.share.ShareDialog
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.share.ShareDialog$ShareAdapter
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.share.ShareDialog$ShareAdapter$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.share.ShareDialog$ShareAdapter$2
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/FeedCommentAdapter.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedCommentAdapter
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedCommentAdapter$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedCommentAdapter$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedCommentAdapter$3
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedCommentAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mooc/ppjoke/utils/TimeUtils.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.utils.TimeUtils
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/ViewAnchorBehavior.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewAnchorBehavior
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/ActivityLayoutCaptureBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.ActivityLayoutCaptureBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedTypeImageBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedTypeImageBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/model/BottomBar.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.BottomBar
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.BottomBar$Tab
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/publish/UploadFileWorker.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.UploadFileWorker
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/FeedDetailViewModel.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedDetailViewModel
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedDetailViewModel$DataSource
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedDetailViewModel$DataSource$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/home/FeedAdapter.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.FeedAdapter
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.FeedAdapter$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.FeedAdapter$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.FeedAdapter$FeedObserver
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.FeedAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedTextBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedTextBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/FeedDetailActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.FeedDetailActivity
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/find/TagFeedListActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagFeedListActivity
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagFeedListActivity$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagFeedListActivity$2
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/publish/PublishActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PublishActivity
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PublishActivity$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PublishActivity$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PublishActivity$3
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PublishActivity$4
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PublishActivity$5
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PublishActivity$6
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PublishActivity$7
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/ActivityLayoutPreviewBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.ActivityLayoutPreviewBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/exoplayer/IPlayTarget.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.exoplayer.IPlayTarget
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/MutableItemKeyedDataSource.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.MutableItemKeyedDataSource
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/AbsViewModel.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.AbsViewModel
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.AbsViewModel$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.AbsViewModel$2
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/InteractionPresenter.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$10
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$11
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$12
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$13
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$14
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$15
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$16
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$17
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$3
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$4
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$5
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$5$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$6
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$7
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$8
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.InteractionPresenter$9
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedInteractionBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedInteractionBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeFragment$3
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/find/TagFeedListViewModel.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagFeedListViewModel
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagFeedListViewModel$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagFeedListViewModel$DataSource
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedTagBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedTagBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/sofa/SofaFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.sofa.SofaFragment
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.sofa.SofaFragment$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.sofa.SofaFragment$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.sofa.SofaFragment$3
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/my/MyFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.MyFragment
com/mooc/ppjoke/navigator/FixFragmentNavigator.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.navigator.FixFragmentNavigator
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedDetailAuthorInfoBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedDetailAuthorInfoBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/JokeApplication.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.JokeApplication
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/ActivityLayoutTagFeedListBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.ActivityLayoutTagFeedListBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedTopCommentBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedTopCommentBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedAuthorBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedAuthorBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/model/Feed.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.Feed
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/publish/TagBottomSheetDialogFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.TagBottomSheetDialogFragment
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.TagBottomSheetDialogFragment$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.TagBottomSheetDialogFragment$1$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.TagBottomSheetDialogFragment$1$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.TagBottomSheetDialogFragment$OnTagItemSelectedListener
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.TagBottomSheetDialogFragment$TagsAdapter
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.TagBottomSheetDialogFragment$TagsAdapter$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.TagBottomSheetDialogFragment$TagsAdapter$2
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutTagListItemBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutTagListItemBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutProfileTabCommentInteractionBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutProfileTabCommentInteractionBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutRefreshViewBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutRefreshViewBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/model/Comment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.Comment
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/CommentDialog.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.CommentDialog
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.CommentDialog$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.CommentDialog$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.CommentDialog$3
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.CommentDialog$4
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.CommentDialog$5
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.CommentDialog$commentAddListener
com/mooc/ppjoke/model/Ugc.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.Ugc
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedTypeCommentBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedTypeCommentBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/ImageViewHandler.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ImageViewHandler
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ImageViewHandler$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ImageViewHandler$2
com/mooc/ppjoke/utils/StringConvert.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.utils.StringConvert
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/find/FindFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.FindFragment
com/mooc/ppjoke/model/User.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.User
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/login/UserManager.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.UserManager
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.UserManager$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.UserManager$1$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/find/TagListViewModel.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListViewModel
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListViewModel$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListViewModel$DataSource
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.find.TagListViewModel$DataSource$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutFeedDetailTypeVideoBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutFeedDetailTypeVideoBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.LoginActivity
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.LoginActivity$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.LoginActivity$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.LoginActivity$3
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.LoginActivity$3$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.login.LoginActivity$3$2
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/my/UserBehaviorListActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.UserBehaviorListActivity
com/mooc/ppjoke/model/TagList.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.TagList
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/my/ProfileViewModel.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileViewModel
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileViewModel$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileViewModel$DataSource
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileViewModel$DataSource$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/utils/NavGraphBuilder.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.utils.NavGraphBuilder
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/ActivityLayoutPublishBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.ActivityLayoutPublishBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/exoplayer/PageListPlayDetector.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.exoplayer.PageListPlayDetector
 com.mooc.ppjoke.exoplayer.PageListPlayDetector$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.exoplayer.PageListPlayDetector$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.exoplayer.PageListPlayDetector$3
 com.mooc.ppjoke.exoplayer.PageListPlayDetector$4
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeViewModel
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeViewModel$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeViewModel$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeViewModel$3
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.home.HomeViewModel$FeedDataSource
com/mooc/ppjoke/view/ListPlayerView.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.ListPlayerView
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/ViewHandler.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewHandler
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewHandler$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewHandler$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.ViewHandler$3
com/mooc/ppjoke/MainActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.MainActivity
 com.mooc.ppjoke.MainActivity$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/exoplayer/PageListPlay.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.exoplayer.PageListPlay
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/FragmentMyBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.FragmentMyBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/my/ProfileListAdapter.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileListAdapter
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.ProfileListAdapter$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/my/UserBehaviorListFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.UserBehaviorListFragment
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.UserBehaviorListFragment$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/publish/CaptureActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.CaptureActivity
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.CaptureActivity$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.CaptureActivity$1$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.CaptureActivity$1$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.CaptureActivity$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.CaptureActivity$3
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.CaptureActivity$4
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/ActivityLayoutProfileBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.ActivityLayoutProfileBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/view/RecordView.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.RecordView
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.RecordView$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.RecordView$2
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.RecordView$onRecordListener
com/mooc/ppjoke/exoplayer/PageListPlayManager.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.exoplayer.PageListPlayManager
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/detail/VideoViewHandler.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.VideoViewHandler
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.VideoViewHandler$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.detail.VideoViewHandler$2
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/LayoutCommentDialogBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.LayoutCommentDialogBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/my/UserBehaviorViewModel.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.UserBehaviorViewModel
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.UserBehaviorViewModel$DataSource
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.my.UserBehaviorViewModel$DataSource$1
com/mooc/ppjoke/view/PPImageView.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.PPImageView
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.PPImageView$1
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.PPImageView$2
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/AbsListFragment.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.AbsListFragment
com/mooc/ppjoke/databinding/ActivityFeedDetailTypeImageBinding.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.databinding.ActivityFeedDetailTypeImageBinding
com/mooc/ppjoke/view/FullScreenPlayerView.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.view.FullScreenPlayerView
com/mooc/ppjoke/model/Destination.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.Destination
com/mooc/ppjoke/ui/publish/PreviewActivity.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.ui.publish.PreviewActivity
com/mooc/ppjoke/model/SofaTab.java
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.SofaTab
 com.mooc.ppjoke.model.SofaTab$Tabs
